In this lecture we will learn about bootstrap what it is and the role that it plays in web development.
Bootstrap is the most popular web development framework for developing web pages that scale responsively
and look good on mobile.
It is free and easy to use.
Bootstrap is a front end framework intended to speed up development time.
It started out in 2011 as an open source kit hub project and in June 2014 was the number one project
and get hub.
Another great feature of bootstrap is that it is compatible with all modern browsers.
The latest version of bootstrap is bootstrap for and that is the version that we will use in this course.
If you are serious about web development bootstrap is one framework you definitely want to add to your
skill set and resume to add bootstrap to our project.
We have two options.
We can download bootstrap and put the files in our project or we can add a few lines at the top of our
HVM that important for the lectures in this section.
Note that we will be adding the following three lines to our h t m l.
The first line is to import the latest CSSA for Bouchette.
The second line is to import the J Querrey library
and the third line is to import the bootstrap javascript library.
These lines get added between the opening and closing had tags and are each team well-documented
in the next lecture.
We will learn about positioning each team at elements on a web page using bootstrap.